On the register alone,
we racked up 350 thousand yen!
That's not counting everything.
We've still got snowcones, to-go
orders, and shower rentals.
We might just
break 500 thousand!
New record!
If the ladies
hadn't swooped in,
you'd be telling
a different story.
We should reevaluate
our game plan.
Quit being such a buzzkill,
and get excited about the
bonus I'm gonna give ya!
Uh, hey, wait!
--Huh?
[CAMIO]
The one who swallowed up
my soldiers in a
mighty dragon's roar...
...was her.
[phone rings]
[EMI] "Meet me at the lighthouse
tonight and bring the bird.
Don't tell Amane."
We're going out tonight,
so get ready gentlemen.
[URUSHIHARA]
Fun fact. This place has
one of the five active
first-order lenses in Japan.
[ASHIYA]
A fun fact indeed,
but I haven't the faintest idea
if that's impressive or not.
[URUSHIHARA]
Huh?
You came alone?
Where are the others?
I explained
the situation to Bel
and asked her to
hang back with Chiho.
[MAOU]
And Alas Ramus?
Here, duh.
Hold up. Are you, like,
trying to duel me?
While that sounds like
a blast, that's not it.
Tell them what
you told me, bird.
Tweet. Not long ago,
something odd occurred, tweet.
I was in Satanas Arc
when a visitor arrived.
A peculiar human who dropped in
and requested my presence.
[URUSHIHARA]
A human in the realm?
[CAMIO]
Hmm?
He told me and the others
of a "sacred sword."
Whoever possessed it would
reign supreme over our realm,
Heaven, and Ente Isla, tweet.
The surviving zealots
you left behind
were easily deceived
by his honeyed words.
They sought the power of the
sword to avenge you, tweet.
A lot changed when you left.
The realm was split into
pacifists and zealots.
Camio told me his wings were
full just keeping the peace.
Tweet.
The human came and
destroyed the balance.
It gets worse.
He said there were two swords.
One of which is, who could've
guessed it, "Better Half."
There aren't many humans out
there who know my sword,
and even fewer
who know it's in Japan.
Right.
That man took
the zealots with him
and vanished from
the realm, tweet.
He went by the name
Olba Meyer, tweet.
I called it;
that geezer can't sit still.
We made a grave mistake
by showing him mercy.
Now, Chancellor, who has taken
leadership of the zealots?
It's Barbariccia,
marked aide to Malacoda.
Demon General of
the South, tweet, tweet.
Dude!
Cut it out.
The tweets are killing me.
You sound like a Pokéture!
And why are we out here?
We could've skipped the hike
and talked back at Ohguro's.
Did you forget? If Amane could
thrash Camio and his crew,
no chance she's
a normal human.
I'd be hesitant to tip her off
on what's about to go down.
And what might that be?
My original goal in
coming to this place
was to get my talons
on the sacred sword
before Barbariccia
and his men were able, tweet.
Olba told us the sword
was in a far off world,
a land of treachery
known as "Tokyo," tweet.
So, it's a coincidence
you're in Choshi?
[CAMIO] On the contrary,
it's far from it, tweet.
Before he disappeared,
Olba left us
with what he said was a clue
to lead us to the sword.
When we used it,
it led us straight here.
Seems this "clue"
reacted to Yesod, huh?
[EMI] Mm. Apparently,
there's a large unit of zealots
on their way to Japan right now.
Well, maybe you
should've led with that!
Tweet! If my
intelligence is correct,
they will arrive
tonight at midnight!
I'd usually be more concerned,
but the strength of the
woman you call "Amane"
is extraordinary, tweet.
The zealots are a force
to be reckoned with,
but up against her,
they'll be squashed
the same as my men.
I couldn't care
less what happens
to that bunch of demon trash.
That said, if Olba's involved,
then I am, too.
We brought our war
into this world.
It's our responsibility.
I don't care how
powerful Amane is.
She can't fix this for us.
It seems like
they're on our side.
Both Amane and her aunt.
I'm sorta amazed you're
going along with this, Emi.
Please, it isn't
like I trust you.
But I'm fairly sure all
the Camio stuff is true.
You said it in front of
Chiho and Alas Ramus.
So what?
I don't think you're honest,
but I hope you wouldn't lie
to the two people
willing to be there
for your broke ass
unconditionally.
I'll do this thing with you.
Let's take responsibility!
Uh. Hush, I'm as honest as
Ashiya is anal-retentive.
But whatever.
Glad you're in.
Uh! This doesn't mean
that I won't kill you!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Dada, I'm in, too!
I'll beat 'em!
[MAOU]
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Don't make my girl
work too hard.
So, I'm glad that teamwork
is making the dream work.
But I'm not sure that we'll be
able to take these guys.
But wait, Your Majestweet.
I have something that
might be of assistance, tweet.
The sword I brought with me.
It's actually--
That must be them.
I'll use Second Sight!
Camio was on the money.
I don't see Barbariccia
up there with them,
but no doubt that's
the Malebranche,
Malacoda's soldiers.
'Bout a thousand of 'em.
Let's see it up close!
Wanna help mamma
take out the trash?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Yeah!
[EMI]
Divine Boots of Light!
Hey. Camio.
Where's that sword, now?
[CAMIO]
Tweet?
Oh, but of course, the sword!
Thankfully I had the
foresight t-to bring it with me,
so it's right here
Your Majes-- Tweet?
Huh?
And I just told everyone
how smart you are.
--[CAMIO] Tweet...
--[MAOU] It's okay.
Ashiya, will you go grab it?
O-Of course, Sire!
Ahh!
Buyer's remorse, hoisted by
my own impulsive purchase!
Huh? Amane?
Here's this.
Thought I'd save you the run.
[AMANE]
Don't ask me why I'm here.
I'm not in the mood
to get interrogated.
We need to focus
on what's important,
so just tell me what you're
planning to do with the sword.
That was an awesome
opportunity for a speech!
Way to blow it, Maou.
I've only spent
two days with you,
but I think I have a handle on
what kind of people you are.
Do not let me down!
Show me how you're
gonna clean up this mess!
[AMANE]
Take some ownership, devil.
Do you really think what
Miss Yusa told us was true?
I'm unsure.
As of this moment,
I don't sense much magic.
[AMANE] Hate to burst
your bubble, but it's true.
You can let your guard down.
I assure you,
I'm not your enemy.
They say they're gonna take
care of this, so I'll let them.
Don't worry, if something
goes wrong, I'll step in.
Don't underestimate me, human.
In case you didn't know,
Ohguro means great darkness.
I could wipe out everyone who
doesn't belong in this world.
I'd have no issue blasting them
beyond the veil of light!
[AMANE]
So just stay here
and wait for your
friends to get back.
What about you?
Well, I think I should
probably head over
and see what Maou and
the bird are up to.
See you gals later!
[yells]
Attack the enemy!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Looks like chopsticks!
We're the rice!
Shockwave of Light!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama! You okay?
[EMI]
Yup. Aerial Flash!
Aerial Volley!
It'd be easier to just kill
these uggos.
[CIRIATTO]
Make way.
Impressive skills, human girl.
How odd. Are you--?
Her sword!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama! More Yesod!
Yesod is in the shiny!
[laughs] You made this too
easy for us, Hero!
It's you!
Hello, Emilia Justina,
holder of the sacred sword,
my name is Ciriatto.
I am one of the leaders
of the Malebranche.
If your power truly exceeds
the Demon King Satan
and his four generals,
then I've no choice but hit you
with everything I've got!
And once I defeat you,
the sacred sword
will finally be mine!
If you withdraw
your forces now,
there will be no
need to hurt you.
The sword's blade is
evolving for the first time
since I arrived here.
You can bet this
baby's gonna hurt!
That sword terrorized our men.
I'll make it mine
and use it for the good of
the New Demon King's Army!
She's mine, leave her to me!
I won't be able to hold back.
That's fine by me.
Die!
Still want to fight?
Ah... It'll take more
than that to scare me!
I'd rather skin
you to the bone
than take the easy route
of killing you.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Huh? No big sword time?
Sorry, kid, but we need
to even the playing field.
This way I won't destroy him.
Ahh... Don't be gentle!
[EMI] Even if I can
avoid killing Ciriatto,
I don't know if his troops
will stop fighting.
If they don't,
I'll have to kill all of them.
Just listen to yourself,
Emi, you've gone soft.
[MAOU] Ciriatto, I need you
to explain something to me.
What is this
"New Demon King's Army?"
Huh? The hell are you?
[ASHIYA] How dare a lowly chief
address us in such a manner?
Did you seriously think
we were gonna let you
screw up our whole vacation
without saying anything?
Nice of you to finally show up!
Yeah, sorry.
It's been a hot minute
since I last transformed.
[CIRIATTO]
Who are you?
Tell me!
[ASHIYA]
Behave yourselves, Malebranche!
Look before you and realize
whose presence you're in!
Stop now.
Would you let a
human's words deceive you
into attacking your own master?
Master? Seriously?
Warriors of the Malebranche!
You're in the presence
of King Satan!
Bow down!
Hear ye, hear ye!
Did he just say King Satan?
Like, the real King Satan?
And there's Alciel,
General of the East.
And there's Chancellor Camio!
And Lucifer!
No cool title for me?
Fallen General Lucifer!
You guys need to come up with
something better, and quick!
Or you'll be "fallen"
on these hands!
[CIRIATTO]
I apologize for my rudeness!
Funny.
I don't recall putting
anyone but Camio in charge
of the realm during my absence.
If you have an excuse,
let's hear it.
[CIRIATTO]
Though we acted out, Sire,
everything the
Malebranche has done
has been to keep the realm safe.
We needed to get
the sacred sword
before it fell into
the hands of an enemy!
You've "kept the realm safe"?
[CIRIATTO]
Yes.
Barbariccia pretended
to be deceived by the human
so that we could gain access
to the sword's location.
What utter foolishness.
If that were true, you could've
sought approval from Camio.
--[CIRIATTO] Oh...
--[MAOU] Good point, Alciel.
[CIRIATTO]
I apologize, Your Majesty.
Ciriatto, may I take
a look at that pendant?
It's a Link Crystal.
All that light was coming
from this little thing?
For what purpose?
All we were told is
that if we follow the light,
we should come upon the sword.
But if it's linked to a specific
location, I have no clue.
Are you able to use
the Gate from which
you came to take you
back to the realm?
The Gate?
You see, I would
like to send you back.
But I'm worried.
If you return empty-handed,
you'll be punished
for your failure.
Huh?
You mean that you'll--?
[URUSHIHARA]
Chill out.
King Satan is about to hit you
with a "get out
of jail free" card.
Precisely.
But I am going to send you
all back where you belong.
It's a long trip.
No complaining.
Course not!
And here's something
so you aren't empty-handed.
Tell them that
Demon King Satan lives.
And that they shouldn't fear,
for he possesses
one of the swords!
I'm in a new world.
And here,
I will further my powers.
I'll return and
bring peace to the realm.
But until then, use these
words to keep them calm.
Ciriatto, I order you
to serve as Camio's aide.
Unite the demons,
and lead as an example for them.
Now.
Don't let the
door hit you, gents.
Right! Everyone line up!
Don't cry,
I hear it doesn't hurt too bad.
[MAOU]
Camio.
Don't punish Ciriatto.
I leave our home in your care.
Sire.
[ASHIYA] Our final challenge
is closing the Gate.
[MAOU]
Indeed.
You can get your hands off
of me or lose 'em!
So, uh...
Help us seal the gate?
Pretty please?
This was supposed
to be a girls' trip!
You owe me!
I haven't felt
like this in a while.
I'm even stronger
than I remembered.
[EMI] I'll sever the Gate
from this realm.
After that, it's all you,
O muscle-y one.
You make it sound so easy.
No sweat off my back.
[MAOU]
For real?
That's disturbing.
It's ready!
Gang, you know what to do!
Look! It's clearing up!
Is it done?
[AMANE]
I'd say so!
Your friends must be exhausted.
Fingers crossed
they're decent swimmers.
Looks like they divebombed a
pretty good ways off the coast.
Wha...?
[CHIHO]
Miss Yusa! Mister Maou!
[SUZUNO]
Alciel! Lucifer!
[BOTH gasps]
All of us are fine.
It's done.
For the time being, anyway.
That's such a relief.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Chi-mi! Suzu-mi!
Hey there, cutie!
It was so cool!
Mama and Dada and tweet and Luci
and Alciel were up in the sky!
--Yeah?
--There were some bad guys,
but then they did
a big 'ol boom!
Then they did a hug,
and then a whoosh!
That sounds awesome, I think.
What a day!
[SUZUNO] You sent the demons
back without killing them?
[EMI] Yeah, does
that make me a softie?
Hope not.
I just realized I need to
stop killing out of hatred.
If blood needs to be spilled,
let's save it for when
we're out of this realm.
Though our time was short,
thanks a million
for making it so sweet.
Not to kick you out,
but I'm kicking you out.
--Huh?
Don't be sad,
there's good news, too!
Your apartments are all fixed.
Cool.
I mean,
since Aunt Mikitty sent you,
I was confident there
would be more to you people
than what meets the eye.
But you're still a little bit
too intense for my customers.
[CHIHO]
Uh.
Sorry to interrupt,
but do you all see that, too?
That child-shaped shadow thingy?
Or am I losing it?
Huh? The hell?
Oh, boy.
[gasps]
[CHIHO]
Holy crap!
Chill out, this is like
50 percent you guys' fault.
Uh, what the heck
do you mean by that?
[AMANE] Remember what I told
you about the Mouren Yassa,
those drowned spirits?
That was bull.
In reality, this is
one of the few places
where the dead can clean
their souls during Obon.
My dad and I watch this place.
And we fight to protect
the souls of the dead.
I guess you could
say we're their guardians.
Last night, whatever magic
you were flinging around
all willy-nilly distorted
the environment
of this sacred place.
These souls are on the verge
of losing their human shape.
You have to leave.
They can't handle
any more of your chaos.
So, these are real-life ghosts?
Sure, if that
term's helpful to you.
Anyway, thank you
so much for your hard work,
and enjoy that bonus for me!
As the daughter of Binah,
listen when I say you need to
find the Daath of your world,
and restore it to its true form.
That's gotta be what
Aunt Mikitty is waiting for!
[MAOU]
Wait.
Did I miss something?!
Mister Maou. Check it.
It's bonus time, baby!
Fifty-thousand yen!
I certainly hope this won't
disappear like Amane did.
I'm trying to call her, but it
just says she's unavailable.
Your Majesty.
I found this atop our luggage.
[MAOU]
Huh. Well, that's nifty.
It goes on forever.
My liege, this
is mere child's play
compared to the
size of our dimension.
Whether it's big or small,
Choshi would be dirt if it
had just been me here.
No chance I could've protected
this place on my own.
You can't be so certain, Sire.
It doesn't really matter,
I doubt I could've taken
the demon realm
without you guys by my side.
It's funny, looking back.
We were enemies.
But look at how far we've come.
You're always on my side.
Couldn't that same thing
happen with humankind?
How curious. It seems possible.
I thought you'd be more
surprised at the suggestion!
Well, what can I say?
I've grown used to
your machinations.
[MAOU] I just think it'd
be a waste to lose them!
The way they make
electricity is awesome.
I mean, these people
built a Sky Tree taller
than my castle without magic!
Apparently, that's Choshi Tower,
and it's not taller
than your castle.
Look at that big ol' boy!
It's amazing they
have things like this
and still use
the Electric Railway
to maintain some
kinda tradition.
We can't destroy these people.
Think about it, wouldn't
ruling over subjects like these
be super cool?
That's quite a lofty goal, Sire.
In the meantime,
let's work on your ability
to use magic consistently.
Wait, hold up a minute.
How'd you get enough magic
to transform back
into your old self?
The sword.
The one Camio brought?
It's weird, but it was
my horn you broke.
It still had some magic left.
He told me that Olba
brought it with him.
I'm more concerned
about this thing.
Somehow, he must've adhered it
inside the sword's sheath.
Camio mentioned
that Olba left them
some kind of clue to
lead them to the sword.
This must be it.
So that's a fragment of Yesod?
[MAOU]
Must be.
You should hold onto it.
Thank you.
Wait a second.
So, you're not even
a little bit worried
this will make me more powerful?
I'm not scared.
Just who do you think I am?
You should sleep
with one eye open.
Because when
I get my power back,
I'll dominate you the
same as everyone else!
[gasps]
When you say dominate, you mean
in the conquer the world way,
not the bedroom way, right?
I don't-- Now you went
and made it creepy!
It's not too late, you know.
Let's find dear Amane
and have her banish him
back to the demon realm.
We should refrain from
drawing attention to ourselves.
[URUSHIHARA] The second hand
embarrassment is killing me.
So is this freakin' sun.
Give me AC.